README.md, before:

# eli-vue-scaffold

This is a basic project skeleton. This will make projects easier for the initial start giving me a basic outline to follow. Reusing this skeleton through multiple projects will save time by already having all of your basic files created to begin a project.

## file structure

```
eli-vue-scaffold/
  ├── *node_modules/
  ├── src/
  |   ├── js/
  |   |   └── components/
  |   |   |   └── App.vue        
  |   |   └── index.js
  |   └── styles
  |       ├── _reset.scss
  |       ├── _variables.scss
  |       └── index.scss
  ├── .gitignore
  ├── *index.bundle.js
  ├── *index.bundle.css
  ├── index.html
  ├── Makefile
  ├── package.json
  ├── README.md
  ├── webpack.config.js
  └── *yarn.lock

```

Filenames denoted with an asterisk `*` are auto generated and should not be modified.

## file explanation

- `node_modules/` : Downloaded dependencies.
- `src/` : Source folder for Javascript and SCSS.
  - `js/` : Javascript folder.
    - `components/` : Vue components.
      - `App.vue` : Main application component.
    - `index.js` : Main application entry point for Javascript.
  - `styles/` : Styles folder.
    - `_reset.scss` : Global style reset partial.
    - `_variables.scss` : SCSS variables partial.
    - `index.scss` : Main application entry point for SCSS.
- `.gitignore` : Tells git what files not to check in.
- `index.html` : Main project page.
- `Makefile` : Project Makefile. Configures project build using `make`.
- `package.json` : Project metadata and dependencies.
- `README.md` : Project README.
- `webpack.config.js` : Webpack config. Configures bundling of frontend assets.
- `index.bundle.js` : Bundled Javascript file.
- `index.bundle.css` : Bundled CSS file.
- `yarn.lock` : Yarn lockfile.

## getting started

1. Check out this repo: `git clone https://github.com/elijahkotyluk/eli-vue-scaffold.git`
1. In Atom search the whole project for the string `${project-name}` and replace it with desired project name.
1. Edit `package.json` project description, authors, dependencies, and possibly license.
1. Do initial build: `make`
1. In `index.html` edit title.
1. Replace this README file with documentation for your new project!

Commit message:

Initial commit. Add file structure. Run make build to compile files and check for any errors. Add README.md.

README.md, after:

# vue-moment-calendar

This will start out as a basic calendar application that will display current month, as well as past and future. It will allow user input for scheduling meetings or appointments with reminders that can be created prior to that obligation. This project is mainly for my want to further my knowledge of Vue.js and Moment.js and hone those skills.

## file structure

```
vue-moment-calendar/
  ├── *node_modules/
  ├── src/
  |   ├── js/
  |   |   └── components/
  |   |   |   └── App.vue        
  |   |   └── index.js
  |   └── styles
  |       ├── _reset.scss
  |       ├── _variables.scss
  |       └── index.scss
  ├── .gitignore
  ├── *index.bundle.js
  ├── *index.bundle.css
  ├── index.html
  ├── Makefile
  ├── package.json
  ├── README.md
  ├── webpack.config.js
  └── *yarn.lock

```

Filenames denoted with an asterisk `*` are auto generated and should not be modified.

## file explanation

- `node_modules/` : Downloaded dependencies.
- `src/` : Source folder for Javascript and SCSS.
  - `js/` : Javascript folder.
    - `components/` : Vue components.
      - `App.vue` : Main application component.
    - `index.js` : Main application entry point for Javascript.
  - `styles/` : Styles folder.
    - `_reset.scss` : Global style reset partial.
    - `_variables.scss` : SCSS variables partial.
    - `index.scss` : Main application entry point for SCSS.
- `.gitignore` : Tells git what files not to check in.
- `index.html` : Main project page.
- `Makefile` : Project Makefile. Configures project build using `make`.
- `package.json` : Project metadata and dependencies.
- `README.md` : Project README.
- `webpack.config.js` : Webpack config. Configures bundling of frontend assets.
- `index.bundle.js` : Bundled Javascript file.
- `index.bundle.css` : Bundled CSS file.
- `yarn.lock` : Yarn lockfile.

## getting started

1. Check out this repo: `git clone https://github.com/ElijahKotyluk/Vue-Moment-Calendar`
